
    The central european city of Prague is the capital of the Czech Republic.
    Prague began as a tiny settlement on the banks of the river Vitava over
    1000 years ago and today is one of the world's great architectural jewels.
    Like a city from a children's storybook, Prague conjures up images of
    romantic fairy tales. And when the clouds roll in dark gothic folk story.
    Yet it can be refreshingly modern, too. Prague's cobblestone streets
    rarely follow a straight line. The city is a labyrinth where even locals
    get happily lost. This was a place designed for horse and cart and
    walking, so pack some comfortable shoes. An easy way to discover Prague is
    to follow the royal route. This historic coronation path begins at the
    powder tower, one of the original gateways to Prague's old town. A few
    blocks away is Old Town square, a plaza surrounded by formal palaces.
    Enjoy some traditional street food like Tadoni, then gather with travelers
    from all over the world under the astronomical clock. Across the square is
    teen church, whose turrets and spires are said to be the inspiration for
    some of Walt Disneys famous castles. Leave the royal route for a while and
    explore the old town. Wander in any direction to discover cozy sidewalk
    cafes, galleries showcasing Pragues modern artists, and historic treasures
    like the ancient jewish quarter. Back on the royal route, wander through
    the archway of Bridge Tower and emerge onto one of Europe's great bridges.
    Rest awhile under the gates of saints as the timeless waters of Vatava
    call through the 16 arches. The challenge bridge is Prague's heart. Once
    across the river, stop to admire the city's finest baroque church, St.
    Nicholas. Before climbing the hill to Prague Castle, pass beneath the
    battling titans into a complex of palaces, courtyards and museums. From
    the alchemist of Milka Tower to the creation of the modern republic,
    Prague Castle has played center stage in czechoslovakian history. Rising
    above the castle are the 600 year old gothic spires of Saint Vitus
    Cathedral, the resting place of Bohemias kings, emperors and saints. After
    arching your back to admire the interiors of St. Vitus, Daccio had to
    explore the houses of Golden Lane. These tiny dwellings were once the
    homes of castle guards and later the city's Goldsmiths. Take in the city
    from the castle ramparts and gardens, then head to the nearby Petrine Hill
    observation tower for the most enchanting views of all. As the sun sets,
    Prague's mood shifts again, as if lit up by the lanterns of centuries
    past. Even the food takes on a medieval quality as holp extends slowly
    over roasting fires. At night, locals and travelers meet under the statue
    of St. Wenceslas to share their day stories and to begin even more
    adventures in this most magical of cities, Prague.
 